Update starter and create new production guide (#2143)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/user-guide/production-guide/end-to-end.md

---
description: Put your new knowledge in action with an end to end project
---

# An end-to-end project

> In this guide, we have went over some advanced concepts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, we will go over some advanced concepts:
```

- The value of [deploying ZenML](connect-deployed-zenml.md)
- Abstracting infrastructure configuration into [stacks](understand-stacks.md)

> - [Deploying a MLOps stack](cloud-stack.md) on a cloud provider of your choice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Deploying an MLOps stack](cloud-stack.md) on a cloud provider of your choice
```

- [Connecting a git repository](connect-code-repository.md)
- [Scaling compute](scale-compute.md)
- Setting up [pipeline configuration](configure-pipeline.md) in production

> We will now combine all of these concepts into an end to end MLOps project powered by ZenML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will now combine all of these concepts into an end-to-end MLOps project powered by ZenML.
```

- Designing [ZenML pipeline steps](https://docs.zenml.io/user-guide/starter-guide/create-an-ml-pipeline)
- Using [step parameterization](https://docs.zenml.io/user-guide/starter-guide/create-an-ml-pipeline#parametrizing-a-step)
 and [step caching](https://docs.zenml.io/user-guide/starter-guide/cache-previous-executions#caching-at-a-step-level)
to design flexible and reusable steps
- Using [custom data types for your artifacts and writing materializers for them](https://docs.zenml.io/user-guide/advanced-guide/artifact-management/handle-custom-data-types)
- Constructing and running a [ZenML pipeline](https://docs.zenml.io/user-guide/starter-guide/create-an-ml-pipeline)
- Accessing ZenML pipeline run artifacts in [the post-execution phase](https://docs.zenml.io/user-guide/starter-guide/fetch-runs-after-execution)
after a pipeline run has concluded
- Best practices for implementing and running reproducible and reliable ML pipelines with ZenML

> Now trying sharing the [ZenML e2e template](https://github.com/zenml-io/template-e2e-batch) with your colleagues and see how they react!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now try sharing the [ZenML e2e template](https://github.com/zenml-io/template-e2e-batch) with your colleagues and see how they react!
```

## Conclusion and next steps

> The production guide has now hopefully landed you with an end to end MLOps project, powered by a ZenML server connected to your cloud infrastructure. You are now ready to dive deep into writing your own pipelines and stacks. If you are looking to learn more advanced concepts, the [Advanced Guide](../advanced-guide/) is for you. Until then, we wish you the best of luck chasing your MLOps dreams!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The production guide has now hopefully landed you with an end-to-end MLOps project, powered by a ZenML server connected to your cloud infrastructure. You are now ready to dive deep into writing your own pipelines and stacks. If you are looking to learn more advanced concepts, the [Advanced Guide](../advanced-guide/) is for you. Until then, we wish you the best of luck chasing your MLOps dreams!
```
